JWT Profile
-----------

Where a definition uses JWT it **SHALL** conform to the following profile:

The payload is contained within a JSON Web Tokens (JWT) ~ RFC 7519 signed as
per JSON Web Signature (JWS) ~ RFC 7515. The signed JWT is used as the payload
to a JSON Web Encryption (JWE) ~ RFC 7516.

All definitions are as per the RFCs unless otherwise stated.

Note: All times will be UTC.

UUID Definition
===============
All references to UUIDs refer to UUID (version 4); 128-bits in length as defined
in RFC 4122 in their textual representation as defined in section 3
"Namespace Registration Template" without the "urn:uuid:" prefix e.g.
"f81d4fae-7dec-11d0-a765-00a0c91e6bf6".

All UUIDs **MUST** be randomly generated such that there is negligible probability
that the same value will be used twice, even across multiple servers. The same
UUID value **MUST NOT** appear twice in the same JWT in any claim.

JWS Protected Header
====================
JWS Protected Header **SHALL** contain the following claims:

* 'typ' will be set to 'JWT'
* 'alg' will be set to 'RS256'
* 'kid' will be set to the SHA-1 hash of the digest of the Public Key for the Private Key used to sign
        (reference https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7517#section-4.5 and https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3280#section-4.2.1.2)

JWT Payload
===========
All JWT payloads **SHALL** include the follow claims:
  'tx_id' - Set to a random UUID.
    - Transaction ID used to trace a transaction through the whole system.
    - **MUST NOT** be the same as the 'jti' value if present.


All JWT payloads **SHOULD** contain the follow claims:

  'jti' - Set to a random UUID. See RFC 7519 definition of the 'jti' claim.
    - If the 'jti' claim is present it **MUST NOT** be the same value as the
      'tx_id' in the JWT Payload if present (see UUID Definition).
    - Note: This claim will become mandatory in future.

The JWT payload can also contain specific other data (claims) defined in the
definitions within this website.

Signing
=======
JWT Protected Header and JWT Payload are signed with RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5
using SHA-256 (RSA-SHA256) using a Private Key to form a JWS.

JWE Header
==========
JWE header will include the 'alg' and 'enc' claims:

* 'alg' will be set to 'RSA-OAEP'
* 'enc' will be set to 'A256GCM'
* 'kid' will be set to the SHA-1 hash of the digest of the Public Key used to encrypt
        (reference https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7517#section-4.5 and https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3280#section-4.2.1.2)

Encrypting
==========
The encrypted signed JWT is used as the payload to a JWE.

The JWE header is used as the Additional Authenticated Data

A 256-bit random CEK and 96-bit IV is generated by the creator of the JWT.

The entire JWT is encrypted with AES-256-GCM using the generated CEK and IV
and the Additional Authenticated Data. This process outputs a 128-bit
Authentication Tag.

The CEK is encrypted with the JWT receivers public key using the RSAES-OAEP
algorithm to produce the JWE Encrypted Key

The JWE is formed from the above values concatenated together (see RFC7516).

Decrypting
==========
JWE payload is decrypted (reverse of encryption process) by JWT receiver using
their private key; revealing the signed JWT.

Verifying
=========
Signature of JWT verified by the receiver using the Public Key of the creator of
the JWT.

Only the RSA-SHA256 algorithm will be accepted, all other algorithms
(including None) are rejected.
